[Actions] Document authentication for service containers (#29915)
github/docs: content/actions/using-containerized-services/about-service-containers.md

{% endraw %}

## Authenticating with image registries

You can specify credentials for your service containers in case you need to authenticate with an image registry. This allows you to use images from private registries or to [increase your DockerHub rate limit](https://www.docker.com/increase-rate-limits/).

> Here’s an example of authenticating with DockerHub and GitHub Container Registry:

Reviewer: Use variables for the GH Container registry:

```suggestion
Here’s an example of authenticating with Docker Hub and the {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} {% data variables.product.prodname_container_registry %}:
```
